---
title: "Edit your profile"
source: "https://help.itglue.kaseya.com/help/Content/2-using/your-user-account/edit-your-profile.html"
crawled_at: "2025-08-18T21:14:42.414773Z"
---

v1.118.88

# Edit your profile

As your IT Glue account administrator cannot change any user profile details, follow this article to learn how to manage the profile settings for your user account.

Naturally, you’re welcome to change these settings at any time. However, your profile settings can affect what you see and do in IT Glue. So, as a best practice, please complete all the fields. Your name and photo are used to associate actions with users in activity feeds found throughout the app. Your time zone ensures that any actions performed on the site are stamped with the correct time.

## Instructions

1. Log in to your IT Glue account.
2. In the top navigation bar, click on your username menu in the top-right corner of any screen and select **My Settings** from the drop-down menu.
3. In the **Edit Profile** page, update each of the fields. Your first and last name and email address are mandatory fields.

   IMPORTANT  If you cannot log in to your account after changing your email address due to SSO restrictions, your Administrator will need to delete your IT Glue account and create a new one using your updated email address.
4. Click on **Upload Image** to add or change your profile picture.
5. To change your current account password, enter a new one into the **Change Password** field. If you want to keep your current password and only edit other fields, either remove your current password from the **Change Password** field or, re-enter your current password in the **Password Confirmation**field. Otherwise, you will receive an error when you save your changes further below.

   NOTE  **Tip!** You have an option of using a password randomly generated by IT Glue if desired. Or, leave this field blank if you wish to keep your current password.
6. In the **Theme Options** section, click to toggle the switches and preview the **Account**, **Default**, **Classic**, and **Dark** themes.

1. The **Account**option is selected by default. This option sets your user account theme to the one set for the entire IT Glue account.
2. By selecting either **Default**, **Classic**, or **Dark** themes, your user account specifically will always apply your selected theme regardless of what is set for the entire IT Glue account.
     

   IMPORTANT  **Important Note on custom interface branding:**  
   Custom interface branding is not available on the IT Glue login page if the account-wide theme is set to **Default** or **Dark** themes. To ensure that this branding appears on the login page, your account administrator will need to select the **Classic** theme by following the steps in the *Theme* section of the [Account settings for Managers and Administrators](../../1-admin/getting-started/account-settings-for-managers-and-administrators.html) topic. Then, individual users can follow the steps in this KB article to select any theme they would like to apply to their user account.

7. Click **Save** to have your changes reflected immediately.

|  |  |
| --- | --- |
|  | [Need troubleshooting help? Open the Kaseya Helpdesk.](https://helpdesk.kaseya.com/) |
|  | [Want to talk about it? Head on over to the Community!](https://community.kaseya.com/it-operations) |
|  | [Have an idea for a new feature? Want to learn about upcoming enhancements? Visit the Ideas forum!](https://community.kaseya.com/ideas/categories/ITGlue-ideas-portal) |
|  | [Provide feedback for the Documentation team.](javascript:(function()%7BSendLinkByMail()%3B%7D)()%3B) |

**How would you rate this KB article?**

[[^](#Top)](#Top)

Copyright © 2025 Kaseya | [Privacy Policy](https://www.kaseya.com/legal/kaseya-privacy-statement/) | [Edit Cookies](#) | [Website Terms of Use](https://www.kaseya.com/legal/website-terms-of-use/)
